1.	As a user of the search-engine, I need to be able to select my preferred travel dates, for I will only be interested in packages (search results) that fit those dates.
2.	As a user, I need to be able to search combinations of travel services that suit my particular interests, for I will only be interested in such combinations.
3.	As a user, I want to be able to choose my budget before I search. This will make it easier for me to search for combinations that I can afford.
4.	As a user, I need to be able to select the number of people travelling together, because I want to make sure the search engine will only return results of combinations with enough available space.
5.	As a user, it would be convenient for me if I could order the search results by various conditions. This will make the search process faster.
6.	As a user, I want to be able to modify combinations, to select day-tours that I am interested in and are available during my preferred travel dates.
7.	As a user, I want to have access to detailed information about the combinations and their components (flights, hotels, and day-tours), and to information on the respective websites.
8.	As a user, I need to be able to reserve/book an entire combination of travel services, because this will make the whole booking process much easier for me.
9.	As a user, I need to be able to cancel or change a reservation I have made, for I could want or need to change my mind.
10.	As a user, I want to receive my booking information, e.g. flight confirmation and hotel booking reference, for future reference.
11.	As a user, I want to be able to submit a review and rating for a combination of travel services I have purchased and experienced, in order to help other users better evaluate the quality of that combination.
12.	As a user, I want to be able to see other users’ reviews and ratings of combinations as well as airlines, hotels, and day-tours, in order to improve my decision-making process.
13.	As a user, I want to be able to give feedback to the application developers, in order to improve user experience.
14.	As a user, I want to have access to basic information and instructions about the search-engine application, in case I would like to learn more about the application or if I don’t understand how to use it. 
15.	As a user, I want to have access to contact information, in case I need help or support.
16.	As an application developer I need to be able to update the data in the search-engine, for example add new components, flights, hotels or day-tours.
17.	As an application developer I want to have access to usage data, e.g. number of searches made or bookings. This will help me improve the application to better meet the needs of users.
